Roles & Responsibilities:

?Created Infra By using Terraform with Jenkins Pipeline.
?Base machine Deployment & Autoscaling Backend Deployment by using Jenkins Pipeline In Test (QA) env, Preprod, Prod Env.  
?Deploying end product in tomcat web server and other application servers before production.
?create custom domain (subdomain) names for api gateway.
?Setup of HAProxy for Load Balancing of incoming traffic evenly across multiple backend servers.
?Creating public & private hosted zones (DB) in Route-53. 
?Create CNAME , A Record with simple Routing policy and Latency Based Routing policy.
?Creating Target group for load balancer front end as well as Backend.
?Monitoring of all servers in all environments via Grafana Dashboard.
?Creating Application Load balancer & security group piping mechanism.
?Integrated many tools with Jenkins like Git, Maven, S3, Terraform , and Tomcat.
?Checking application logs of backend api’s in cloud watch log groups.
?Creating Launch template versions for Roll back to a previous, stable version.
?Creating Bastion Host (Jump Server).
?Creating ssh-keygen (id_rsa) in local machine, if keypair is missing, Its like backup of key pair.
?Creating Linux normal users and giving specific permission to them via visudo.
?Deploy Node.js , Java and Python applications.
?Creating Read Replica of RDS database in different region.
?Whitelist IP and Black list of IP.
?Creating Security Group Piping Mechanism.
?Raising a ticket to request SSL/TLS certificate renewal before expiration date to seniors via Jira.
?Writing Python script for delete unused (orphan) ami and s3 buckets.
?Static website hosting via S3 bucket with Load Balancer & Cloudfront.
?AWS Transfer Family : transfer files to and from Amazon S3 or Amazon EFS using SFTP via filezilla.
?Git clone by passing ssh keys to local machine instead of github token authentication.
?Creating Roles and attaching to ec2-instance with attaching specific policy.
?Create inline bucket policy for specific user, specific permissions.
?Creating s3 bucket and upload files via AWS CLI.


     
? Creating cloufront for front end.
?Deploying artifacts like JAR, and WAR, into application servers Apache Tomcat and storing it on Artifactories.
?Deploying React.js front end application via Jenkins on s3 & cloudfront. 
?process management, clustering, logging, and monitoring by pm2.
?Taking backups of Instances as a ami.
?AWS Transfer Family service for SFTP.
?Making documentation for daily tasks.
?Creating servers, AMIs, and storage blocks in S3 taking snapshots, VPCs, subnets, load balancing, and Auto-scaling in AWS.


Declaration:
I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true up to my knowledge and I bear the responsibility for the correctness of the above mention particulars.




Place: Hyderabad
Date: 	Name: Aadinath Tighare
                                                                                                                   Mobile : 8551875543